# Władcy Kostek App

✨ **This workspace has been generated by [Nx, Smart Monorepos · Fast CI.](https://nx.dev)** ✨

## Applications within monorepository:

- **wladcy-kostek-app** - Main application for community. It's a panel app with permissions to other applications and has many community friendly features, like global chat, news from around the world aboud pen & paper games, profile with additional bonuses from coupons. Also contains MyBonuses view for supporters of discord community.

- **rpg-butler** - Discrod Bot application for Władcy Kostek discrod server, it has commands for rolling dices or more specific ones created for diffrent rpg systems.

- **zombie-map** - Angular PWA application wrapped with bubblewrap to an .apk android application. Application contains integration with BackgroundWorkers sending messages with SignalR. Second module integrates Geoapify map and generates random zombie apocalypse encounters with Strategy Pattern.

## Start the application

Run `npx nx serve [app-name]` to start the development server. Happy coding!

## Build for production

Run `npx nx build [app-name]` to build the application. The build artifacts are stored in the output directory `dist/apps/[app-name]`, ready to be deployed.

## PWA application

Run `npm run ngsw` to build application in production mode & run http-server for PWA development.

## Android apk

Run `npm run apk` to build .apk files with bubblewrap for mobile deployment. The build artifacts are stored in `android/*.apk`, ready to be deployed.
